Readme examples (#1425)
linera-io/linera-protocol: examples/matching-engine/README.md

<!-- cargo-rdme start -->

# Matching Engine Example Application

This sample application demonstrates a matching engine, showcasing the DeFi capabilities

> on the Linera protocol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the Linera protocol.
```

(Also missing periods in other sentences below.)

The matching engine trades between two tokens `token_0` & `token_1`, we can take the help
of the `fungible` application example to create two token applications

An order can be of two types:

> - Bid: For buying token 1 and paying in token 0, these are ordered in from the highest
>   bid (most preferable) to the smallest bid.
> - Ask: For selling token 1, to be paid in token 0, these are ordered from the smallest
>   (most preferable) to the highest bid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bid: For buying token 1 and paying in token 0, these are ordered in from the highest
  bid (most preferable) to the lowest price.
- Ask: For selling token 1, to be paid in token 0, these are ordered from the lowest
  (most preferable) to the highest price.
```

An `OrderId` is used to uniquely identify an order and enables following functionality

- Modify: Allows to modify the order
- Cancel: Cancelling an order

When inserting an order it goes through the following steps

> - Transfer of tokens from the `fungible` application to the `matching engine` application through a cross application call so that it can be paid to the counterparty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Transfer of tokens from the `fungible` application to the `matching engine` application through a cross-application
call so that it can be paid to the counterparty
```

- The engine selects the matching price levels for the inserted order. It then proceeds
  to clear these levels, executing trades and ensuring that at the end of the process,

>   the best bid is less than the best ask. This involves adjusting the orders in the market

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the best bid has a higher price than the best ask. This involves adjusting the orders in the market
```

By "adjusting" do you mean "partially filling"?

  and potentially creating a series of transfer orders for the required tokens. If, after
  the level clearing, the order is completely filled, it is not inserted. Otherwise,
  it becomes a liquidity order in the matching engine, providing depth to the market
  and potentially being matched with future orders.

When order is created from a remote chain, it transfer the tokens of the same owner
from the remote chain to the chain of matching engine, a message `ExecuteOrder` is sent with the order details.

# Usage

## Setting Up

First, build Linera and add it to the path:

```bash
cargo build
export PATH=$PWD/target/debug:$PATH
```

To start the local Linera network

```bash
linera net up --testing-prng-seed 37
```

> This will start the local Linera network. We used the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We used the
```

(You already said that in line 49. Same in the other READMEs, I think.)

test-only CLI option `--testing-prng-seed` to make keys deterministic and simplify our
presentation.

Copy and paste `export LINERA_WALLET="/var . . . ."` & `export LINERA_STORAGE="rocksdb:/. . . ."` from output of `linera net up --testing-prng-seed 37` into another terminal

```bash
OWNER_1=e814a7bdae091daf4a110ef5340396998e538c47c6e7d101027a225523985316
OWNER_2=453690095cdfe6dbde7fc577e56bb838a7ee7920a72512d4a87748b4e151ed61
CHAIN_1=e476187f6ddfeb9d588c7b45d3df334d5501d6499b3f9ad5595cae86cce16a65
CHAIN_2=e54bdb17d41d5dbe16418f96b70e44546ccd63e6f3733ae3c192043548998ff3
```

> Publish and creating two `fungible` application whose `application_id` will be used as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publish and create two `fungible` application whose `application_id` will be used as a
```
